what's up this is white dunk remember
our first video jumps for kids got
another one called crazy shots for kids
so today we'll be demonstrating is a
hole in the video you see I'm shortly
use the redheaded kid with the red
jacket and like a few black shoes anyway
what we're doing multiple different
types of crazy shots imaginable
half-court shots shots over the
backboard shot from the stage shots you
know behind your back anything
conceivably imaginal that has been done
by the Globetrotters we're going to try
so over the next you know however long
it takes us do this will do here's
one to bread showing us how to do over
the backboard shot may have toothpicks
for legs the white mother can ball shows
house done 12 bread now what's your
secret did you try to bait that in one
of bread was that just like Oh totally
he told no its way to you hell yeah
fasho fasho just I want to read info the
back one shot they let the notch from
anal bitches alright so what we're gonna
do is I'm going to hit it from an angle
right here yeah and I didn't get to see
riders sanjana that I got this shot
impossible using some sine cosine
tangent maybe even an isosceles triangle
the shop
it's where school is all most important
sports acquires a foreign sports clothes
finals coming up I want to help you all
bitches out all right here we go last
time I use geometry this time algebra 1
1453 the chemical child what is it but y
equals MX plus B help me get this shot
oh I am glad to algebra and all my
teachers who helped me get algebra down
that's right I was done w be Michelle
bay time I'm using calculus why because
I can do a desk pi r squared equals the
area of a circle just not the circle
right there the cylinder who's gone full
circle copy here we go Ashley have you
be hitting a reverse layup back to
basics go look at his pants totally fine
you can scream out into the shot Bobby
I'm login use log in it these are
talking the talk all right here we go
although back get back oh the first
thing we're going to show you how to do
some handsome up now we want to break
he's institutional stance found almost
white ballers okay have a Pancham
superloft I don't subscribe so what you
do is give monthly run now here's the
catch frequency if you would okay I have
to guard like this but I love his legs
spread now how a minute well I over
Russell his legs his friend behind I'm
dad right and then you bring the ball
through the legs and afters time okay
you grab him by the bathroom pants
alright and what you do is you struggled
and him get through he's like money
money
in a little package with choose fabulous
go ah once again I was be to use arrival
of the shot over as market rapala
equation a problem basic parent function
y equals x squared here we go that's one
and Row hey yo man is an autographed
ball by Ben Ben Parker aka light dark